README.md, before:

# Livepeer Subgraph

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/423160867534929930.svg?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/7wRSUGX)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/livepeer/livepeerjs/subgraph.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/livepeer/livepeerjs/labels/subgraph)

This package contains the source code for the Livepeer Subgraph, a project for
indexing and querying Livepeer data from the Ethereum blockchain using [The Graph](https://thegraph.com).

## Contributing

Before you can build, create and deploy this subgraph, you have to execute the following commands in the terminal:

```bash
$ yarn
$ yarn prepare:mainnet
```

The first command installs all external dependencies, while the latter generates the `subgraph.yaml` file, which is
required by The Graph.

We use [Handlebars](https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js/) to compile a [template subgraph](./subgraph.template.yaml) and add the parameters specific to each
network (Mainnet, Goerli, Kovan, Rinkeby, Ropsten). The network can be changed via the `NETWORK_NAME` environment
variable or directly by choosing a different "prepare" script. See [package.json](./package.json) for all options.

Commit message:

subgraph: index TicketBroker deposit/reserve events (#575)
- add broadcaster entity
- update README
- patch graph-cli dep
- add totalMovedStake, totalGeneratedFees and totalNewStake per round
- rename accruedFees to totalGeneratedFees

README.md, after:

# Livepeer Subgraph

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/423160867534929930.svg?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/7wRSUGX)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/livepeer/livepeerjs/subgraph.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/livepeer/livepeerjs/labels/subgraph)

This package contains the source code for the Livepeer Subgraph, a project for
indexing and querying Livepeer data from the Ethereum blockchain using [The Graph](https://thegraph.com).

## Quickstart

Before you can build, create and deploy this subgraph, you have to execute the following commands in the terminal:

```bash
$ yarn
$ yarn prepare:mainnet
```

The first command installs all external dependencies, while the latter generates the `subgraph.yaml` file, which is
required by The Graph.

We use [Handlebars](https://github.com/wycats/handlebars.js/) to compile a [template subgraph](./subgraph.template.yaml) and add the parameters specific to each
network (Mainnet, Goerli, Kovan, Rinkeby, Ropsten). The network can be changed via the `NETWORK_NAME` environment
variable or directly by choosing a different "prepare" script. See [package.json](./package.json) for all options.

### Deploy the Livepeer Subgraph to the Graph's hosted service (recommended)
Follow the instructions documented [here](https://thegraph.com/docs/deploy-a-subgraph).

### Deploy the Livepeer Subgraph locally

1. Install [Docker](https://docs.docker.com) and [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
2. Inside `docker-compose.yml`, set the `ethereum` value under the `environment` section to an archive node that has tracing enabled. If you don't have access to an archive node we recommend using [Alchemy](https://alchemyapi.io/). 
3. In the root of this project run `docker-compose up`. This command will look for the `docker-compose.yml` file and automatically provision a server with rust, postgres, and ipfs, and spin up a graph node with a GraphiQL interface at `http://127.0.0.1:8000/`.

4. Run `yarn create:local` to create the subgraph
5. Run `yarn deploy:local` to deploy it

After downloading the latest blocks from Ethereum, you should begin to see
Livepeer smart contract events flying in. Open a GraphiQL browser at
localhost:8000 to query the Graph Node.
